>> Kyle Simpson: So the sounds real great
that we now have this iterator protocol
built in and we should be able to use this
with all of our favorite data structures.
Except there is a problem,
which is what do we do about data
structures that don't have iterators.
It turns out that not all data
structures have iterators.
The object is a great example,
object does not have a built in iterator.
So if I make a regular plain old
object and I call for of on it,
I'm gonna end up getting a type error.
It's a type error because the for
of loop tries to access
the symbol.iterator location
on that obj object, and
it doesn't find anything defined there.
So when it tries to execute, it's
trying to execute the undefined value.
>> Kyle Simpson: It's kind of frustrating
that of all the data structures that
are built into the language, the one that
they didn't make automatically iterable
is the one that most of use.
Which is we make our
own JavaScript objects.
There's a variety of
historical reasons for
why they didn't ship
a default iterator on it.
But the bottom line is that it is not
actually that difficult to define our
own iterator.
And that's why we're
talking about this is,
is we wanna make our own data structures,
and
we wanna make our data structures
adhere to the iterator protocol.
So if we know that the for
of loop or the dot dot dot operator,
the way that it works is it automatically
tries to find something at that position,
symbol.iterator, then all we need to
do is define one at that location.
And then the for of loop and
the dot dot dot we'll use it.
So let's try first to create our
own iterator factory function.
I call it a factory function
because every time you call
it you would produce a new
instance of your iterator.
You can iterate something multiple,
multiple times if you want to.
So here it's a function,
and on line 6, for example,
you'll notice here that basically I'm
just getting the list of keys for
my object, which would be A, B, and C.
And then I am returning back an object.
And my object has one
property on it called next,
that's what interators have,
is they have a next on them.
And when I call that next method,
you'll notice that the next method
does one thing, which is check to see
if there's anymore to iterate over.
And if so, it returns an iterator
result that is done false, and
then it has the value.
Otherwise it returns an iterator results
with done true, and value undefined.
Exactly the same way as all
the built in iterators do,
they return of two kinds
of iterators results.
So I'm simply returning the results
until I've gone through all the keys.
That now has the effect down on line 17,
of actually,
if you look down here on line 17,
it has the effect of pulling
out the values from that object
into an array one, two and three.
Same if I had done a for of loop, I would
have been getting the values one, two and
three out, okay?
So, some of you may have noticed
that I use an arrow function.
And if you followed me much, you know that
I'm not a big fan of arrow functions.
So what am I doing here, am I just
cheating to save space in the slides?
Well, it turns out, this particular
scenario is a great illustration of why
you want to use the arrow function.
Because I need this keyword
inside of that function, and
I need it to lexically
adopt the parent context.
I don't want it to define its own,
I want it to adopt the parent context.
That's exactly what the arrow
context shines at doing, and so
this is inappropriate, in my opinion,
inappropriate usage of the arrow function.